= Stacker

== Contributing

* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Requirements

A working Puppet / Foreman envirnoment

== Installation

git clone git://github.com/ohadlevy/stacker.git

bundle install

edit 
 config/app_config.yml

Note: You should change the settings for the rails environment you would be running stacker in (e.g. development).

migrate your db:

  rake db:migrate

run the background job:
 rake jobs:work

and start the web service:
 ./script/rails s

login to http://0.0.0.0:3000



== Copyright
Copyright (c) 2011 Ohad Levy

This program and entire repository is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
